good luck Matt those are some big old
Spanx to fill Matt you can do it I know
you can do it you can do anything and if
you ever doubt that take a look at the
name on your driver's license that's
right
it says Matt Matt they told me that
you're hosting the show tonight and I
think that is just awesome I'm not
really sure why or where Jimmy is
but what can I say your your your sunny
face kisses the world was that weird I
feel like that might be a little weird
hey man awesome job awesome you are as
great as Jimmy Kimmel wasn't Thank You
Man for allowing America to laugh again
Matt I gotta tell you I am loving the
show you have a gift my friend
you know not everybody can host a show I
know that is true great job you know
Matt you're the son we always wanted
that's welcome to the family Maddie
[Music]
[Applause]